Document first-run boot login and Quick setup wizard (#649)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/en/docs/install/first-run-setup.md

![Confirm admin email](../images/first-run-setup/boot-key-verified.png)

This email becomes the owner of the installation. If `GRIST_ADMIN_EMAIL`
was set when Grist started, you'll see it pre-filled and can adjust it. If
not, type the one you'll sign in with.

Click **Continue**. Grist hands you off to the Quick setup wizard.

## Quick setup

The wizard runs you through the handful of decisions Grist needs to make
before it can open for business. Each step has sensible defaults, so you
can mostly click through, but it's worth a look. Every setting here can
also be changed later from the [Admin Panel](../admin-panel.md).

![Quick setup, step 1: Server](../images/first-run-setup/setup-server.png)

### Step 1: Server

Two settings: the **base URL** Grist should use for itself, and which
**edition** to run.

The base URL matters more than it looks. Auth callbacks, share links, and
email notifications all build their URLs from it. If you're behind a
reverse proxy or HTTPS terminator, set it to the public URL users will
type, not the internal one. Click **Test URL** to have Grist sanity-check
the value.

The edition toggle picks between the licensed full edition of Grist and the

> free Grist Community edition. See [Self-hosted Grist](../self-managed.md)

Reviewer: This link isn't helpful, but neither is [this](https://support.getgrist.com/self-managed/#how-do-i-enable-the-full-edition-of-grist). We have [this marketing page](https://www.getgrist.com/grist-edition-comparison/) and the [GitHub readme](https://github.com/gristlabs/grist-core#features-in-grist-core) which are better.

for the difference.

### Step 2: Sandboxing

Grist runs user-written Python formulas. Without a sandbox, those formulas
can read and write anything the Grist process can. So on any server that

> hosts documents from more than one author, you want a sandbox on.

Reviewer 2: Doesn't read well. Just a few extra words helps 

```suggestion
Grist runs user-written Python formulas. Without a sandbox, those formulas can read and write anything the Grist process can access. Any server hosting documents from more than one author should have the sandbox enabled.
```

![Quick setup, step 2: Sandboxing](../images/first-run-setup/setup-sandbox.png)

The wizard probes the host and grays out anything that isn't available. On
Linux, **gVisor** is the recommended choice. **Pyodide** runs formulas in
WebAssembly: slower, but portable.

!!! tip "Already set in the environment?"

    If `GRIST_SANDBOX_FLAVOR` is already set when Grist starts, the wizard
    shows the current value and locks the field. To change it, edit your
    environment and restart.

### Step 3: Authentication

This is the step that matters most for a public-facing server. By default a
fresh Grist has no authentication. Anyone who reaches it can read and edit

> documents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the step that matters most for a public-facing server. By default, a
fresh Grist installation has no authentication. Anyone who reaches it can read and edit
documents.
```
